README.md, before:

# Qevy
## A plugin that adds Quake .map file support for the Bevy game engine

Supported Bevy Versions: 0.12
Supported Physics Engines: XPBD, Rapier

# Features
- [x] Geometry ✔️
- [x] Only build geometry that has textures ✔️
- [x] A post build map hook for spawning your entities ✔️
- [x] XPBD physics ✔️
- [x] Rapier physics ✔️
- [ ] Phong normals ❌ coming soon ❌
- [x] Triggers ✔️

## Example project & TrenchBroom

Under the example folder, you will find an example of how to use this plugin.

1. The `Quevy Example` folder inside the `trenchbroom` folder is meant to be moved into the TrenchBroom game's folder (example: `C:\Users\YOUR USER\AppData\Roaming\TrenchBroom\games\Qevy Example`)
2. Open TrenchBroom and select the `Qevy Example` game.
3. Set the game's path to the `example/assets` folder.
4. Open the `example.map` file located in `example/assets`.

## License

This project is licensed under both MIT and Apache 2.0. You may use this project under the terms of either license.

Commit message:

add special thanks to readme

README.md, after:

# Qevy
## A plugin that adds Quake .map file support for the Bevy game engine

Supported Bevy Versions: 0.12
Supported Physics Engines: XPBD, Rapier

# Features
- [x] Geometry ✔️
- [x] Only build geometry that has textures ✔️
- [x] A post build map hook for spawning your entities ✔️
- [x] XPBD physics ✔️
- [x] Rapier physics ✔️
- [ ] Phong normals ❌ coming soon ❌
- [x] Triggers ✔️

## Example project & TrenchBroom

Under the example folder, you will find an example of how to use this plugin.

1. The `Quevy Example` folder inside the `trenchbroom` folder is meant to be moved into the TrenchBroom game's folder (example: `C:\Users\YOUR USER\AppData\Roaming\TrenchBroom\games\Qevy Example`)
2. Open TrenchBroom and select the `Qevy Example` game.
3. Set the game's path to the `example/assets` folder.
4. Open the `example.map` file located in `example/assets`.

## Special Thanks
Special thanks to Shfty over at Qodot for the wonderful [Shambler crate](https://github.com/QodotPlugin/shambler) which handles much of the heavy lifting.

## License

This project is licensed under both MIT and Apache 2.0. You may use this project under the terms of either license.
